RFC75: async_promise_test (#27916)
web-platform-tests/wpt: docs/writing-tests/testharness-api.md

}, "Another example");
```

## Asynchronous Promise Tests ##

`promise_test` are running sequentially. This might causes timeout when too many
have to run. `async_promise_test` is a variant, running in parallel.

> |              | in sequence | in parallel       |

Reviewer: Thumbs up to having a table explaining how the different test types relate to each other, but in https://github.com/web-platform-tests/rfcs/pull/75#issuecomment-821263444 I have some thoughts about the specific naming. I liked your initial suggestion better :)

Author: ACK.

I don't have a strong opinion. I liked my initial proposal "promise_test_parallel", and I also like "async_promise_test" proposed by @annevk, mostly because this make this table looking nice:
Start from `test()`. Want promise? Add `promise_`. Want parallelisme? Add `async_`. Want both? Add both.

I will use the one you two like the most.

}, "Another example");
```

## Asynchronous Promise Tests ##

> `promise_test` are running sequentially. This might causes timeout when too many
> have to run. `async_promise_test` is a variant, running in parallel.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:

```suggestion
`promise_test()` runs sequentially, similar to `test()`. `async_promise_test()` provides the
ability to run Promise-based tests in parallel, similar to `async_test()`.
```

Author: Done

|              | in sequence | in parallel       |
| -------------| ----------: | ----------------: |
| **Function** | test        | async_test        |
| **Promise**  | promise_test| async_promise_test|

> It uses the same API as `promise_test`:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps, "`async_promise_test`'s signature is the same as `promise_test`"? Saying that the API is the same is a little confusing.

```js
async_promise_test(test_function, name, properties);
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Ideally, we'd document the relationship to `setup()` and `promise_setup()` as well. Could you take a stab at that?

Author: Done

`properties` may optionally be provided as an object which specifies global
properties of the test harness (enumerated in the following section).

`async_test()`, `promise_test()`, and `async_promise_test()` are guaranteed to
execute after every `promise_setup()` defined earlier.

Authors are encouraged to define add `setup()` and `promise_setup()` before

> tests. It is a bad practise to interleave setup and tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tests. It is a bad practice to interleave setup and tests.
```
